[music playing]
- This vehicle is driving
around kind of weird,
not really going in any
particular directions.
So they're trying to not
be seen, avoiding me.
See what's going on with them.
Hey, I'm Deputy Baker
with the sheriff's office.
Are you lost?
- Yeah.
I was trying to
get to McDonald's.
- All right, where are
you trying to get to?
- I was going to go
to go to McDonald's.
But I had to go this way.
- Sir, do you have ID on you?
You don't have any ID?
Hold on.
I'm going to go
to the other side.
All right.
What's your-- what's
your name, sir?
- [bleep].
- All right, I'll be right back.
Just hang tight for me.
I don't think this guy's giving
me the right information.
He may be, but he seems
a little bit too nervous.
And something is just--
not-- something's
not right with this.
Hey, Tracy.
Step back here, and let
me talk to you real quick.
I want you to be honest with me.
- OK.
- And just tell me the truth.
- Who is the gentleman
in the passenger's seat?
- What's his name?
- Tracy.
- How long have you known him?
Stand over here.
- Just wait right here, OK?
Step out of the car, sir.
- [inaudible], man.
- Step out of the car.
- [bleep].
- Face the car.
- I need the ID of
everybody in the car
when I'm talking to them, OK?
What the heck was that?
Get down on the ground.
Drop the phone, and get down
on the ground, right now.
Don't even pick up that phone.
- Let go.
- I'm going to get my taser out.
- [inaudible]
- Ow.
- Give up your hands, or you're
going to get tased, right now.
- Ow!
Ow!
[groan]
- Put your right--
- Put your hands
behind your back.
- Put your left hand
- Tase him.
behind your back.
- [bleep].
- Put your left hand
behind your back.
- [groan]
Stop!
- Stand up.
Stay against that push
bumper, and don't move.
OK, you're under
arrest for obstruction.
We can get the ambulance here to
check you out, get you cleared,
and then you're going
to the county jail.
Do you have any questions?
Do you understand why
you're being arrested?
All right.
Now, I'm just thinking about
whether I'm going to arrest
your girlfriend or not.
Who is she to you?
- Nobody?
Don't care about her?
Girlfriend?
How long you been dating?
- Two weeks?
How long have you known her?
- Four years.
- We're not even
in a relationship.
He's my friend's ex.
That's how I know him period.
- Well, obviously, you
don't know him because you
don't even know his name.
She knew who he was.
She just didn't want to say.
She's lucky she's not
going to jail tonight.
I called one of the
other guys over who
had a fingerprint scanner.
It came back as wanted
for probation violation
for traffic warrants.
If he had just submitted
to what it was,
he would have been out
in less than a week.
But now he's going to go,
and he's going to have
that warrant plus three more.
- So senseless,
and you could see